capital = 918

oob = "AUS_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "AUS_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "AUS_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1

		}
	}
}
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl
recruit_character = AUS_Richard_Bernaschek
recruit_character = AUS_Ludwig_Bernaschek
recruit_character = AUS_Julius_Deutsch
recruit_character = AUS_Karl_Renner

add_ideas = {
	dollfuss_threat
	austrian_civil_war_legacy
	saint_germain_en_laye_treaty
	dark_times
	slovenian_resistance
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ruth Fischer"
	desc = "POLITICS_OTTO_WELS_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/AUS/Ruth_Fischer.dds"
	expire = "1960.1.16"
	ideology = council_communist
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ruth Fischer"
	desc = "POLITICS_OTTO_WELS_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/AUS/Ruth_Fischer.dds"
	expire = "1960.1.16"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ruth Fischer"
	desc = "POLITICS_OTTO_WELS_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/AUS/Ruth_Fischer.dds"
	expire = "1960.1.16"
	ideology = libertarian_socialism_category
	traits = {
	}
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = classical_marxism
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 8
	ultra_nationalism = 25
	neutrality = 11
	democratic = 5
	classical_liberalism = 3
	social_liberalism = 2
	social_democracy = 10
	classical_marxism = 26
	libertarian_socialism = 6
	communism = 4
}

set_stability = 0.25
set_war_support = 0.1
