capital = 6

oob = "BEL_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "BEL_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "BEL_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

set_autonomy = {
	target = COG
	autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.3 #we see what you are doing there Adolf

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = BEL_hubert_pierlot
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_mcl_keyaerts
recruit_character = BEL_georges_timmermans
recruit_character = BEL_gilles_wyvekens
recruit_character = BEL_fritz_conrad
recruit_character = BEL_raoul_overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_georges_deffontaine
recruit_character = BEL_victor_strydonck_burkel
recruit_character = BEL_georges_vereecken
recruit_character = BEL_jules_pire
recruit_character = BEL_oscar_michiels
recruit_character = BEL_charles_bastin
recruit_character = BEL_yvan_gerard
recruit_character = BEL_rene_lagrou
recruit_character = BEL_leon_degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_fritz_lob
recruit_character = BEL_jules_iserentant
recruit_character = BEL_victor_van_strydonck_de_burkel
recruit_character = BEL_paul-henri_spaak
recruit_character = BEL_gaston_eyskens
recruit_character = BEL_paul_van_zeeland
recruit_character = BEL_leon_dens
recruit_character = BEL_Emile_Vandervelde
recruit_character = BEL_Staf_De_Clercq
recruit_character = BEL_anarchist_commune



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.11.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 11
	ultra_nationalism = 7
	democratic = 27
	classical_liberalism = 2
	social_liberalism = 12
	social_democracy = 32
	classical_marxism = 3
	libertarian_socialism = 0
	communism = 6
}

set_convoys = 80
set_stability = 0.75
