capital = 111

set_oob = "FIN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

##################
### CHARACTERS ###
##################

### COUNTRY LEADERS ###
store_core_states_on_game_start = yes
#Set Kokoomus as Non-Aligned party #TODO_Manu: I can now kill the old string and be done with this
set_party_name = {
	ideology = neutrality
	name = FIN_neutrality_party_kokoomus
	long_name = FIN_neutrality_party_kokoomus_long
}

recruit_character = FIN_pehr_evind_svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_risto_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi

recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_yrjo_leino #Only as Communist Revolutionary without DLC
recruit_character = FIN_prince_wolfgang_von_hesse


### ARMY LEADERS
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_woldemar_hagglund
recruit_character = FIN_juho_heiskanen
recruit_character = FIN_wiljo_einar_tuompo
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_juutilainen
recruit_character = FIN_fanni_luukkonen
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_talvela
recruit_character = FIN_hannu_hannuksela
recruit_character = FIN_hjalmar_siilasvuo
recruit_character = FIN_taavetti_laatikainen
recruit_character = FIN_matti_aarnio
recruit_character = FIN_erkki_raappana
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_sihvo
recruit_character = FIN_aksel_airo
recruit_character = FIN_ruben_lagus
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_susitaival #Only as Fascist Demagogue without DLC



### NAVY LEADERS
recruit_character = FIN_ragnar_hakola
recruit_character = FIN_svante_sundman

### THEORISTS ###
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_gustaf_magnusson
recruit_character = FIN_torsti_verkkola


###ARMY CHIEFS ###
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman

### NAVY CHIEFS ###
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola

### AIR CHIEFS ###
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko

### MILITARY HIGH COMMAND ###
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_frans_helminen
recruit_character = FIN_alpo_marttinen
recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_somerto
recruit_character = FIN_reino_hallamaa
recruit_character = FIN_johan_arajuuri
recruit_character = GER_nikolaus_von_falkenhorst #Defined in the German char file


### POLITICAL ADVISORS ###
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_lahti
recruit_character = FIN_antti_hackzell
recruit_character = FIN_rudolf_holsti
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_cajander
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_ralf_torngren
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_von_born
recruit_character = FIN_hilja_riipinen
recruit_character = FIN_esko_riekki
recruit_character = FIN_elias_simojoki
recruit_character = FIN_ilmari_kianto
recruit_character = FIN_miina_sillanpaa
recruit_character = FIN_karl_august_fagerholm #Democratic Reformer


add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1			
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 5

1939.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	### TECH ###
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1

		#Air
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		improved_oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		dispersed_industry3 = 1
		
		#doctrines
		force_rotation = 1
		fighter_baiting = 1

		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		submarine_operations = 1
	}

	# TECH ADJUSTMENTS
	set_technology = {
		motorised_infantry = 1
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		set_technology = {
			gwtank_chassis = 1
			basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
			improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
			armor_tech_1 = 1
			engine_tech_1 = 1
		}
	}

	# These templates would otherwise not be unlocked
	load_oob = "unlock_motorized"
	load_oob = "unlock_tanks_mot"
	
	### FOCUS TREE ###
	#1936
	complete_national_focus = FIN_finnish_neutrality
	complete_national_focus = FIN_enhance_southern_infrastructure
	unlock_national_focus = FIN_industrial_development #Timed idea should be gone
	unlock_national_focus = FIN_vaisala_radiosonde_tests #35 #tech bonus should be consumed
	complete_national_focus = FIN_increase_military_budget #35
	complete_national_focus = FIN_suomen_maavoimat

	#1937
	complete_national_focus = FIN_reach_out_to_scandinavia #35
	complete_national_focus = FIN_moderate_politics #35
	complete_national_focus = FIN_mannerheim_line
	complete_national_focus = FIN_national_unity
	complete_national_focus = FIN_outokumpu_for_defence_industry
	complete_national_focus = FIN_industrial_upgrade_in_harjavalta #35
	complete_national_focus = FIN_janiskoski_power_plant #35 (1938 historically)

	#1938
	complete_national_focus = FIN_political_unity
	complete_national_focus = FIN_railways_and_infrastructure
	complete_national_focus = FIN_repurpose_small_industries
	complete_national_focus = FIN_extra_refresher_exercises # (ASAP - gated behind WT)
	complete_national_focus = FIN_weapon_caches #35 (ASAP - gated behind WT)
	complete_national_focus = FIN_the_cold_front #35
	
	#1939 (Nov -> Winter War)
	complete_national_focus = FIN_defense_in_depth
	complete_national_focus = FIN_jaeger_movement
	complete_national_focus = FIN_salvaged_and_retooled
	complete_national_focus = FIN_motti_tactics #35

	# FOCUS ADJUSTMENTS

	#FIN_industrial_development
	remove_ideas = FIN_infrastructure_effort #Timed idea should be gone by 1939

	#FIN_vaisala_radiosonde_tests
	111 = {
		add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
		add_building_construction = {
			type = industrial_complex
			level = 1
			instant_build = yes
		}
	}

	retire_country_leader = yes
	#Set Maalaisliitto (Agrarian League) as Non-Aligned party
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = neutrality
		name = FIN_neutrality_party
		long_name = FIN_neutrality_party_long
	}

	oob = "FIN_1939"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "FIN_1939_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "FIN_1939_air_legacy"
			set_technology = {
				early_fighter = 1
				early_bomber = 1
				CAS1 = 1		
			}
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.3.2" #Represents Presidential elections (Country leader is President of the Republic, not Prime Minister)
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 19
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 65
}
add_stability = -0.1

#Event for Svinhufvud's Term Ending
country_event = { id = AAT_finland_political.02 days = 426 }

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vetehinen Class"								
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = FIN_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
		design_team = mio:FIN_crichton_vulcan_organization
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vesikko Class"								
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = FIN_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		design_team = mio:FIN_crichton_vulcan_organization
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Väinämöinen Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = FIN_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		design_team = mio:FIN_crichton_vulcan_organization
	}
}

### TANKS

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "FT mod. 31"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_FIN_gw_tank_renault_medium"
	}

	add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		variant_name = "FT mod. 31"
		amount = 34
		producer = FRA
	}
}



1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		set_country_flag = FIN_vickers_template_created_flag
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vickers Mark E Tpye B"
			type = light_tank_chassis_0
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			}
			obsolete = yes
			icon = "GFX_FIN_gw_tank_destroyer_vickers_medium"
			model = "commonwealth_gfx_light_armor_entity"
		}

		add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
			type = light_tank_chassis_0
			variant_name = "Vickers 6 ton A"
			amount = 26
			producer = ENG
		}
	}
}

